#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev-jupyter.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aioresponses
aioresponses==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
allure-pytest-bdd==2.8.40
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
allure-python-commons==2.8.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   kombu
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
api-client==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
apsw==3.43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sqlite-s3vfs
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
behave==1.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
better-exceptions==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
billiard==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   celery
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
boto3==1.18.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-chunk-upload-handlers
    #   moto
    #   sqlite-s3vfs
botocore==1.21.65
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flower
    #   pytest-celery
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   celery
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   recommonmark
coverage[toml]==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-cov
crispy-forms-gds @ git+https://github.com/uktrade/crispy-forms-gds.git
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django==3.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   crispy-forms-gds
    #   django-chunk-upload-handlers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   django-sequences
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-extra-fields
django-chunk-upload-handlers==0.0.13
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   crispy-forms-gds
django-csp==3.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-cte==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-dotenv==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-extensions==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-fakeredis==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-formtools==2.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-fsm==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-health-check==3.16.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-fakeredis
django-rest-polymorphic==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-sequences==2.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-staff-sso-client==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-chunk-upload-handlers
django-test-migrations==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-webpack-loader==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   drf-extra-fields
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
drf-flex-fields==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
elastic-apm==6.7.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   openpyxl
execnet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
faker==19.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==2.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-fakeredis
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
flower==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==21.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
glob2==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-bdd
govuk-frontend-jinja @ git+https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend-jinja.git@15845e4cca3a05df72c6e13ec6a7e35acc682f52
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
govuk-tech-docs-sphinx-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
greenlet==1.1.3.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
humanize==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flower
identify==2.5.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev-jupyter.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   moto
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev-jupyter.in
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.6
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kombu==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   xmldiff
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-bdd
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   moto
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
moto==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
notebook==7.0.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
notifications-python-client==6.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parse==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   pytest-bdd
parse-type==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   behave
    #   pytest-bdd
parsec==3.8
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
pre-commit==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flower
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-bdd
    #   pytest-forked
py-w3c==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-bdd
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-responses
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-asyncio==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-bdd==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
pytest-celery==0.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-forked==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-responses==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-xdist==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   jupyter-client
    #   moto
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-magic==0.4.25
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django
    #   flower
    #   moto
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.4
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.0
    # via qtconsole
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-fakeredis
    #   django-redis
    #   fakeredis
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   api-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   moto
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   sphinx
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-staff-sso-client
responses==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
    #   pytest-responses
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
sentry-sdk==0.20.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   asttokens
    #   behave
    #   bleach
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   moto
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   responses
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   xmldiff
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   fakeredis
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   govuk-tech-docs-sphinx-theme
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-gherkindoc==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlite-s3vfs==0.0.35
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   api-client
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   coverage
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flower
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.10.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-test-migrations
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   celery
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.24.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
xmldiff==2.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
yarl==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   aiohttp
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
