#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioresponses
aioresponses==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
allure-pytest-bdd==2.8.40
    # via -r requirements.txt
allure-python-commons==2.8.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
api-client==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
apsw==3.43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlite-s3vfs
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
behave==1.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
better-exceptions==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
billiard==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
boto3==1.18.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-chunk-upload-handlers
    #   moto
    #   sqlite-s3vfs
botocore==1.21.65
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
    #   pytest-celery
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   recommonmark
coverage[toml]==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-cov
crispy-forms-gds @ git+https://github.com/uktrade/crispy-forms-gds.git
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==3.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   crispy-forms-gds
    #   django-chunk-upload-handlers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   django-sequences
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-extra-fields
django-chunk-upload-handlers==0.0.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   crispy-forms-gds
django-csp==3.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cte==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-dotenv==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-fakeredis==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-formtools==2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-fsm==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-health-check==3.16.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-fakeredis
django-rest-polymorphic==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-sequences==2.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-staff-sso-client==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-chunk-upload-handlers
django-test-migrations==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-webpack-loader==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   drf-extra-fields
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-flex-fields==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
elastic-apm==6.7.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
execnet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
faker==19.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==2.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-fakeredis
filelock==3.12.4
    # via virtualenv
flower==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==21.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
glob2==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-bdd
govuk-tech-docs-sphinx-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==1.1.3.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
humanize==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
identify==2.5.29
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xmldiff
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-bdd
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   moto
    #   werkzeug
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
moto==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
notifications-python-client==6.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
parse==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   pytest-bdd
parse-type==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   behave
    #   pytest-bdd
parsec==3.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
pre-commit==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-bdd
    #   pytest-forked
py-w3c==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-bdd
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-responses
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-asyncio==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-bdd==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
pytest-celery==0.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-forked==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-responses==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-xdist==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-magic==0.4.25
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   flower
    #   moto
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via pre-commit
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-fakeredis
    #   django-redis
    #   fakeredis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   api-client
    #   moto
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   sphinx
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-staff-sso-client
responses==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
    #   pytest-responses
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk==0.20.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   allure-pytest-bdd
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   behave
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   moto
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   responses
    #   xmldiff
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fakeredis
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   govuk-tech-docs-sphinx-theme
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-gherkindoc==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-gherkindoc
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlite-s3vfs==0.0.35
    # via -r requirements.txt
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   api-client
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coverage
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-test-migrations
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.24.5
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
xmldiff==2.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
yarl==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
